[[Session 7 - Mr. Bitey 08-05-2023]]

We approach the Star Mounts, noticing the density of the insect population growing as the party gets deeper inside. Ver-Ik casts Speak to Animals to find they are entirely unresponsive to him, only continuing to chitter "Praise Lord Tharzax". They arrive at a cave in the center of the swarm, finding the first chamber to be covered in what looks like wax. Inside, there are multiple humanoid-shaped swarms of bees that attack them. In the next room, there's multiple men dressed in plague doctor outfits, almost identical to Vahn's. Ver-Ik turns into a giant spider to blend in with the insects and accompanies Vahn. Vahn poses as one of the members of the cult's eastern branch to get information from them. 

They find out that the insects have gathered as a result of their attempted summoning of Tharzax, the lord of plague, insects, and disease. The cult of Tharzax seems to be run in a professional manner, following a hierarchy of middle managers and paperwork to get anything done. It seemed to be more of a business than a cult. In the next room [[Rauthik]] is planning on attempting to summon him again, using [[Lucille Vinger]] as a sacrifice, only waiting on a few components from the man Vahn is impersonating to begin.

They go into the next room and confront Rauthik. Upon realizing what was happening, he infected Lucille with his disease, beginning the summoning. It was not complete however, only summoning a Chasme instead of the demon lord. The party defeats the demon, Rauthik, and other giant insects accompanying them. As Rauthik dies, [[Avaris the Hag]] appears momentarily, extracting his soul and placing it in her soul bag before disappearing once more. They steal Rauthik's Periapt of Health, giving it to Lucille to narrowly prevent the disease from fully killing her. In a nearby chamber, they find [[Jerome Vinger]] captured as well. The adventurers then go back into the "lab" and kill the plague doctors before leaving. As they leave, they see one final plague doctor riding a giant spider, escaping as he flees to the east. He was most likely the man Vahn was impersonating, going to report to the branch in the east.

[[Session 8 - Plague Inc. 08-12-2023]]