[[Session 2 - Meadery 06-17-2023]]

The party discovers the hidden door in the basement of [[Feux Volant Meadery]]. They follow the trap covered path to find a room at the end. The room is lined with barrels that have the same chevron as the one from the basement earlier and strange [[Silver Vials]]. They assume this means some of the barrels are drugged with the liquid. There is a desk with a single handwritten note on it that says "Skullport. You know the place. Usual fee WITH INTEREST. Last chance." The party takes a few vials. When they tried to open the chest in the room, the suits of armor nearby came alive and attacked. After defeating them, they saw that the doors in the room led to a concealed path off Unicorn Run.

They return to the meadery and load barrels of mead onto a nearby cart. On the way back they stop and give the ledger to Quinn in Greenbourne, which is now noticeably filled with crows. She notices something is definitely off about the numbers. The party explains the [[Zhentarim]] involvement, the secret room, and that Jerome is missing. Quinn says she needs to go see the place for herself and asks the party to help her find Jerome so he can lead her to the place mentioned in the note. She tells them to meet her at the main guards' quarters in Waterdeep when they find him.

Vahn begins to realize he is not sleeping well and his health is being mysteriously drained after leaving Greenbourne.

The party makes it back to [[Secomber]] with the mead, haggling the price with Cliff when they realize that he wanted the drugged mead. They enjoy the festival for some time. Rhys wrestles a bear to try to get some hair for a barbarian totem, but the bear turns out to be a druid, and the wad of hair he ripped out was his pubes. Skoddit drinks some of the drugged mead and gets high as fuck before getting a bunch of other high people to chant "MUSHROOM". He hears mysterious voices while high, but ignores them. Walks tries to pickpocket some more people, before getting caught by the same [[Elf Woman]] from the tavern earlier.

Vahn and Ver-Ik investigate the cause of Vahn's condition, their search bringing them to the local temple where [[Clovis Langham]] has taken shelter after fleeing Greenbourne. In exchange for their help in freeing his town, Clovis introduces them to Derrick. He is ze Cleric. Derrick performs divinatory magic to reveal that the affliction is fiendish in nature and is coming from somewhere in the Forlorn Hills. He loans Vahn a Circlet of Pitiful Health, which will at the very least prevent him from dying from the condition by fixing his maximum health at a low, but above zero point. Clovis joins the party so that he can cast protective spells to prevent Vahn's condition from worsening.

[[Session 9 - Robbery 08-19-2023]]