[[Session 20 - The Heist 01-27-2024]]

The party is now level 7 as they return to [[Silverymoon]]. They return to the Harpers to give them the key they retrieved. [[Unora]] is excited to get to work on the tracker, but tells them it may be a while before it's ready. She says she's busy with other important work for the Harpers before suddenly some of her alchemy equipment explodes behind her. She scrambles for a few minutes before returning with a potion. The elf hands it to Ebon and tells him to drink it. He of course does so without question. His armor suddenly bursts off of him as he grows large amounts of feathers across his body. 

Unora explains the potion is meant to transform a person into a strange interdimensional bird creature that the Harpers are currently trying to infiltrate the ranks of. They can't use a traditional polymorph because *they'll know*, so the potion is meant to circumvent that. It wasn't fully successful however since Ebon was still on two legs. When asked when he would turn back, she replied "Two days or whenever you lay an egg. Whichever comes first." Ebon wondered about if he could really lay eggs now. Unora said he probably can since the bird things are super weird and don't really have gender as a concept. Ver-Ik then verified that he could.

Quinn had also returned to Silverymoon from Waterdeep, offering to accompany the party part of the way out of the city. She says she is heading to Neverwinter next as she has heard that [[Darian Redhelm]] has been spotted there.

The party returned to [[Sip the Scales]] discussing how they would prevent Ebon from nesting. [[Imra (Androm)]] inquired about why Ebon was covered in feathers to which he replied "I can lay eggs now". Later mid-conversation, Imra hit Ebon with a color spray. Suddenly an egg was on the floor while feathers shed from the kobold's body. Ebon asked if they could put it back. They could not.

Imra agreed to watch the egg while the party was away since it was really her fault he laid it and she claimed to have had experience with raising kobolds. She requested that if they were heading for the mere of dead men that they could go get some of her stuff for her from a town on the way back, especially since they'd need a ship to haul it. The party agreed to get her stuff for her.

During the conversation, Ver-Ik asked about what was up with Knak being pink. He revealed to Imra that he was in fact pink himself. She was taken aback by it. Imra said that soon after Knak was born, a messenger of Bahamut had come to tell them to hide and protect her. She also mentioned that they knew of one other pink kobold hailing from a silver dragon tribe to the north, however she didn't seem to like him very much.

[[Session 22 - Bounty Hunters 02-24-2024]]