[[Session 32 - The Legacy of Arathusar 09-20-2024]]

The gang returns to [[Silverymoon]] with the [[Scalebeard Pirates]]. They find the city's crowds to be thinner than usual and many have chosen to wear cloths over their faces. Ebon takes  Tar-os' corpse to the House of Kelemvor to give him a proper burial. He sees there that they are quite busy with many more bodies to prepare than usual due to an outbreak of the plague they had seen glimpses of on Mintarn. He leaves the body to get it prepared, reserves a spot for his own body, and walks back to meet the party at [[Sip the Scales]].

The rest of the party goes straight to the tavern. Upon entering, Walks immediately punches [[Imra]] over the counter. She has a good laugh about it before they head to the saferoom to ask what the idea is. They show her Ebon's body and tell him that he died because of her. She freaks out and runs out of the room for a moment before running back into the room with a scroll in hand. Consuming the scroll, Imra casts true resurrection on the body. She was confused when there was  no reaction. At that time, Ebonthil fell into the room through the trapdoor.

The party explains everything to Imra, though when they say they killed Nyrrinteg she pauses them. She asks if he was the fang, then what happened to Arathusar. Terra points to Ebon's body. Looking to Ebonthil with rage, she pushes him to a wall seeing him as the destroyer of her village. Imra reveals that Ebon killed Imra, their mate that they took the shape of so that she could live on in a way. They manage to convince Imra to ease up on him, as he has already been given judgement by Bahamut. She chooses to trust her god's choice not just for him, but for the sake of the egg she has taken care of for the last two months. She asked Walks for the mask, though Walks refused saying it was safe in her coat and only they could access it. Imra reached her hand inside and pulled out the mask, the coat unable to stop her before she did.

She guides them through the tunnels to another secret chamber even deeper in, one much more resembling a dragon's lair. It was complete with the pile of gold in the center earned from her casino, though with a nice homey corner that more resembled a human house. She showed them Ebon's egg, wrapped in blankets in a carriage with a magical heater pointed at it. There was even a little lipstick lovingly placed on the top. She had clearly been taking excellent care of it. 

Terra took the egg back to the ship while Ebon took his body to the House of Kelemvor so that it could be prepared as well. While walking, Terra bought a newspaper from a young boy thinking it was a novel concept. She read about the plague spreading rapidly, tensions between multiple kingdoms of the Lords' Alliance increasing following Neverwinter's aggressions, and a heist being pulled off in Candlekeep, though they would not confirm what was taken. The pirates then helped the party to move Imra's hoard from the ship in the night.

Upon everyone's return to her cave, Imra tipped the kobolds a gold each. She then rewarded the party with magic items from her hoard. Lastly, she bestowed the party with her Deck of Many More Things. They then drew every. single. card. from it.

Ver-Ik drew the most cards, getting both the Fool and the Jester in the same pull (cancelling each other out), the knight (a kobold knight pledged himself to Ver-Ik), the Throne (he now owns a small keep and is proficient in persuasion), Vizier (1 free metagame question), Maze (level of exhaustion), Well (learn 3 cantrips), and the Fates (he can undo one event as if it never happened). 

Ebon drew the statue card and turned to stone (before being healed with the Tin Man's Oil Can), the Undead (a revenant is now pursing him for a year, intent on killing him), and Ring (free magic ring).

Terra drew the Skull card, but easily defeated the aspect of death, the Ooze and Monstrosity card spawned monsters which were killed quickly, Aberration (gained telepathy), Door (2 uses of the Gate spell), Moon (2 uses of Wish), Map (1 time magical locator), and Dragon. A silver egg appeared at her feet, hatching a wyrmling dragon that now sees her as its mother. 

Walks drew the prisoner card which was unfortunate because they were the best suited person to undo it, Rogue (Someone somewhere now violently hates them), Campfire (long rest), and the Crossroad (They became a year younger and told NO ONE).

Hrolf was by far the worst off. First he drew Pit (he fell into a pit), Euryale (cursed with -2 to all saving throws indefinitely), then Fiend (offered a deal from a devil to be decided on later), then ruin (lost all his non-magical possessions), Construct (a homunculus now thinks he's its creator), and Beast (he got turned into a regular wolf for 12 days). On the positive side, Ver-Ik did let him have the Key card for one magic item and he pulled Path (+10 ft walking speed) and Star (+2 to Chr). So that was nice at least.