[[Session 26 - The Vampirates 06-08-2024]]

The party finds Benwir in the lower decks of the ship and take him back to the Sapphire Serpent after freeing the other slaves. There they see Sarhala participating in the kobold shenanigans. Ver-Ik and Igni retreat to the med bay and kick out Kraeg. Walks locks Kraeg on the balcony of their room. They spend the night there swaying their tails to the sea shanties together. Ebon shows Terra around the ship and they let Sarhala, Benwir, and Terra all stay the night.

Ebon takes Adderall to remember where he recognizes a symbol that Terra found on the slaver ship. Walks recognizes the symbol from Neverwinter, but doesn't know what it is.

Sarhala and Benwir lead the party to their hideout, a cave in which the only entrance is a small tunnel that only small creatures can fit through. They enter and find the cave has a false wall inside with a small slot in its surface. Already suspecting the cave to be the location of Scalebeard's hideout, they notice the slot fits the shape of the muzzle of the [[Tempest Pistol]]. Walks inserts the gun, opening the door before them.

The room was trapped, but it fortunately was already tripped by a now deceased dwarf. Inside there were multiple chests around the room, some basic necessities, and rows of books on the shelves. Walks immediately starts to sort through them, finding most of them to be the journals they were looking for along with a business ledger. They see however that the books are written in draconic, meaning they would be unable to read it on their own. Even if they could, his handwriting was god awful even for the chicken scratch letters of the Draconic alphabet. They pocket the one with the dates they are interested in without letting anyone else see it. Terra is not happy about this one bit, giving judgmental stares the rest of the night. 

Reading the business ledger, the party sees that the massive amounts of gold accumulated in the hideout were not pillaged, but in fact, invested. Salk's fortune was built on his management of his money, meaning the Scalebeard pirates technically weren't really pirates or even criminals at all. Just public nuisances.

Walks stops at a magic shop to buy a scroll of comprehend languages before returning to the ship. They toss Kraeg off the balcony he was still trapped on and read the journal. (I trust that Avery took notes about what was revealed since the other players are unaware.) When Salk comes in to ask about the journals, they say he can take any one except the one they held onto. Walks isolates in their room, getting hostile to anyone who comes near.

The Scalebeard "Pirates" depart, but after a few hours of sailing realize they are being followed. Three ships approach them, one being the Vampirates' ship they were on previously. Realizing they are outnumbered, with a perfect cue from Ver-Ik Scalebeard shouts for the crew to "RAISE THE CANNON!". A large ballista-like device designed for launching kobolds raises from below the deck and the crew prepares for combat.