[[Session 29 - Voyage 08-05-2024]]

The party once again departs on the Sapphire Serpent, this time on a course for Imra's former home. Ebon gets an eyepatch from [[Scalebeard Drix]] to have a more permanent covering for his newly healed eye. While sailing, they pass around Waterdeep and see many soldiers amassing around the city, almost as if preparing for battle.

Continuing down the river, they reach a ruined village. The stench of poison lingers in the air that Ebon recognizes as signs of a green dragon nearby. He then looks around and realizes he's been to this village before. In fact, he was the one leading the raid that destroyed it. It suddenly clicks for the party that Imra is in fact a dragon.

The party navigates through the thorny bramble blocking the path up the mountain until they find the entrance to a cave. Inside, there is the sound of kobolds and song. Terra sneaks in while Ebon walks in as if he belonged. They see a few chromatic kobolds of different colors yowling and throwing food at a Wolfborn man in a cage on a stage in front of them (who did occasionally manage to catch the flung snacks in his mouth). The room appears to be some kind of banquet hall as if for hosting guests from the nearby village. They defeat the kobolds and free the wolfborn bard from his cage. The bard wolf's name was Hrolf Awoo Bardulf-Rudina and he had been imprisoned by the kobolds after wandering into their territory almost a week ago. It turns out that he idolizes Ebon after he visited his village years prior.

The gang heads into the maze of the copper dragon. First they encounter a web of tripwires with a flattened kobold past them. Some of the wires were illusory, others were not. The next room they enter, the door closes behind them. A button sits on a podium and a timer begins to count down from 60. Two kobolds lie dead in front of the button, the room was filled with crates and barrels, and there was a slot in the door that appeared to fit something. Every time the button was pressed, the timer reset to 60. Ebon kept pressing the button, then running to look in crates. The party had to force him to stop pressing it. Once the timer hit zero, the doors opened. Ebon then pressed the button again.

Next there was a regular untrapped chest filled with gold treasures... that were mimics. Then, they found a room that slowly pushed them towards a prismatic wall. They noticed a loose "hidden" panel on the wall containing several potions for "emergency prismatic wall immunity". The potions caused averse effects that were supposedly better than hitting a prismatic wall unprotected. The wall turned out to be an illusion and the only danger they were in was from the potions and themselves. Ebon drank one still, causing a pit to open underneath him that he fell into. Finally they found the entrance to the center chamber... the first person to walk through then found themself almost falling off of a cliff face on the side of the mountain.

Frustrated that they were back at the start of the maze, Terra began investigating around the entrance for something they missed. Someone remembered then that they had Imra's sending stone and messaged her. She said to check "The Smusher". They realized that the smusher was actually an elevator. Imra revealed that the biggest thing she needed them to get was one of the dragon masks used in summoning Tiamat. It was placed in her care before her village's destruction and she was forced to leave it after faking her death. She told them she always kept it close to her heart.

[[Session 31 - The Fang of Tiamat 08-24-2024]]